Add UG fields for add and edit command and improve phrasing and formatting (#82)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Format: `schedule`

> ### Adding a Student: `add`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding a student: `add`
```
we standardise to only first letter capital

Adds a student to the tuition address book.

Format: `add n/NAME a/ADDRESS [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [pp/PARENT_PHONE_NUMBER] [pe/PARENT_EMAIL] [sch/SCHOOL] [stream/ACAD_STREAM] [lvl/ACAD_LEVEL] [f/OUTSTANDING_FEES] [r/REMARK] [t/TAG]…​`

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">:bulb: **Tip:**
A student can have any number of tags (including 0)
</div>

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

**:information_source: Notes about the add command:**<br>

* At least one contact field is required.<br>
  e.g. at least one of the `p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `e/EMAIL`, `pp/PARENT_PHONE_NUMBER`, or `pe/PARENT_EMAIL` fields must be 
  included in the add command.

</div>

Examples:
* `add n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01 pp/92345678 pe/jackdoe@example.com sch/John's School stream/John stream lvl/J1`
* `add n/Betsy Crowe t/cousin a/Newgate p/91234567 f/150.50 r/hasnt pay tuition fee for Aug t/retainee`

> ### Listing all Students : `list`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Listing all students : `list`
```

Shows a list of all students in the address book.

Format: `list`

> ### Editing a Student : `edit`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Editing a student : `edit`
```

Edits an existing person in the address book.

Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [a/ADDRESS] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [pp/PARENT_PHONE_NUMBER] [pe/PARENT_EMAIL] [sch/SCHOOL] [stream/ACAD_STREAM] [lvl/ACAD_LEVEL] [f/OUTSTANDING_FEES] [r/REMARK] [t/TAG]…​`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

> **:information_source: Notes about the add command:**<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**:information_source: Notes about the edit command:**<br>
```

* Edits the person at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed list of students.<br>
  e.g. `edit 2` means that you wish to edit the second person in the displayed list.

> * At least one field must be provided.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must provide at least one field.<br>
```
I phrased it in this way to avoid using passive language.

  e.g. entering just `edit 2` alone is not a valid command. You need to include the field you wish to edit.

* Existing values will be updated to the entered values.<br>
  e.g. `edit 2 f/0` will override the outstanding fees of the second student in the displayed list to `0`.

* When editing tags, all existing tags of the student will be removed and replaced with the tags specified.<br>
  e.g. `edit 2 t/SEC2 t/IP` will erase the student's original tags and replace it with the new tags `SEC2` and `IP`.

* You can delete the data in optional fields by supplying a parameter with no arguments.<br>
  e.g. `edit 2 r/` will remove the remarks for the second student in the displayed list.

* You cannot remove a contact field if it is the only remaining means of contact you have with a student.<br>
  e.g. no student should have all contact fields empty. `edit 2 pp/` will not work if the student does not have
  any `PHONE_NUMBER`, `EMAIL`, or `PARENT_EMAIL`.

> * You can delete all tags of the specified student’s by typing `t/` without any arguments.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can delete all tags of a student by typing `t/` without any arguments.<br>
```
